After I creating a folder and a virtual environment(venv), I install
command(pip install Django) inside the virtual environment. 

Then I start up the project with the command ( django-admin startproject nom_du_projet . )

Then I enter into the project folder and I run the server on manage.py
to see if the steps above worked with the: 
commmand ( python3 manage.py runserver )

Once the server is working, I have to start the application by using the 
command ( python3 manage.py startapp name of application )

Once the application is running, I create a class in (models.py) which will structure 
our database and we will be able to use in the administration page.

Next comes the migration system, migration allows us the applies the changes which were done within 
our database, the command is (python3 manage.py makemigrations)

If everytime I apply this and it keeps saying (No changes detected) that means that I have not 
register my application within the (settings.py). 

To register my application in (settings.py) I look for a list called (INSTALLED-APPS).
Once I find the list (INSTALLED-APPS) I have to add my application which is define in the 
folder (apps.py) so the item which I will add to the list will be something like this: 
('name_of_application.apps.name_of_applicationConfig',) after this then we apply the changes 
done with the command(python3 manage.py migrate).

When I am done migrating I have to change the administration interface. To create the administration 
interface I need to create a superuser who is the main administrator of the admin interface, meaning that 
other users can be created.
The commands is (python3 manage.py createsuperuser), after the user is created we add the model which was 
created in the file (admin.py). 

Exemple : 
from . models import nom_de_la_classe 

admin.site.register(nom_de_la_classe)

When the superuser is created and the admin interfaces is done then I can directly add elements in 
my database from the administration interface.














